hello everyone this is Heather and I
wanted to do a quick video with you guys
today I was trying to film earlier um
earlier in the day but now as nighttime
where I'm at so but I definitely want to
get this video out um this is a wig
review and this is the friday night hair
GLS 08 I've been looking at tons and
tons of reviews on this week and I was
like okay I have to definitely get it
because it look like the so in and stuff
so I was like okay I definitely have to
try this week and when I tell you I'm
night like upset many way when it come
down this wig i have 0 complaints ok ok
so the i ordered it last last Thursday
and it received I received it in the
mail yesterday ok so yeah this is the
packaging that it came in ups and I tore
it open and um it came in this this
plastic bag right here and also had an
it on it to secure the hair sorry off
and it also had this this is the name of
the week and says the color i got into
1b and the style GLS 08 and yeah i
actually cut off the lace this is the
lace right here it wasn't too much to
cut off and yeah it has two columns on
the sides and a comb in the back as well
and it is pretty secure I am I actually
bobby pin the sides just to have some
extra security really don't need to if
you don't want to and I yeah here is the
hairline I did not glue this way this is
a synthetic wig but I did not want to
glue it so here it is it doesn't have
the realistic dips and grooves but I
mean it's quite realistic even with the
moon shaped or whatever yeah I mean you
can glue this week down or you really
don't have to you could actually
put some of your hair out take some your
hair out if you want to but um the lace
is not it's not ultra soft and it's not
um ultra hard either it's like in
between it's not going to be cutting
your up your forehead up or nothing like
that but yeah it's very sturdy so yeah
this is the wig this is the back view
this is the front I hope you like this
lighting because I'm trying something a
little bit differently about them today
but yeah and the UM lace it's like about
this I would like an inch lace that
you're working with and to get a more
realistic part you can't put like some
foundation or powder or something like
this I'm concealer it's make it look
realistic I haven't done that yet I'm
actually just loving it like how it is
it actually looks like a sullen like if
it is really pretty and um assuming this
is i'm 5-4 so I mean it's like touching
my butt so yeah I always say is like the
28 inches on me I mean this is quite
long but yeah you can style it it anyway
so yeah I'm quite in love with this unit
I'm definitely going to be ordering
plenty more I mean I really want to buy
any more wigs I just want to build up my
collection with GLS but um yeah I went
to come together share with you guys let
me know what you think about this unit
don't forget to rate comment and
subscribe and yeah definitely get this
week in your collection I mean you will
not be disappointed I had to put on some
makeup with this I mean you cannot wear
this weird without of your makeup you
got to be boom boom
you know glam so yeah what I love